Overhaul documentation after TW merge (#396)
GothenburgBitFactory/taskchampion: docs/src/introduction.md

# TaskChampion

TaskChampion implements the task storage and synchronization behind Taskwarrior.
It includes an implementation with Rust and C APIs, allowing any application to maintain and manipulate its own replica.
It also includes a specification for tasks and how they are synchronized, inviting alternative implementations of replicas or task servers.

## Relationship with Taskwarrior

TaskChampion was originally developed as a project "inspired by" Taskwarrior, and later incorporated into Taskwarrior in its 3.0 release.

> Taskwarrior embeds TaskChampion, but does not have any kind of privileged access to its implementation details.

Reviewer: I find this usage of the word "embed" a little odd.

```suggestion
Taskwarrior depends on TaskChampion, but does not have any kind of privileged access to its implementation details.
```

Author: Thanks! I couldn't find the right word, and I like your choice better.

> Any other application can also embed TaskChampion and implement similar functionality, and even interoperate with Taskwarrior either in the same replica or via sync.

Reviewer: I find this usage less problematic because it more clearly means "embed" in the vague sense...but maybe an inherently vaguer word is better? :man_shrugging: 

```suggestion
Any other application can also use TaskChampion to implement similar functionality, and even interoperate with Taskwarrior either in the same replica or via sync.
```
